Brother Song Nan, wasn't he kicked out of the Song family?
Why do you still have the face to come to Mingzhu's home?
It was a shame that he was caught in bed for cheating
It's so unbelievable
It was you who asked me to do the design
Yeah send the designer
No idea.
Excuse me.
I'm not doing this business anymore.
The designer I paid
Why are you ready to run away before serving?
There are many designers in our company.
You can find someone else, I ordered you
Your company has received the money.
Then you have to pay me
Zhou Dejun heard that you used to like Song Nange
And he's right here right now.
Why don't you let him accompany you for a drink?
Hahahahahaha
Haha, I'm here to work, not to accompany drinks.
The customer is God
If God tells you to pay, you have to pay
Hey, Nan
Let's not touch me
What to pack
When you cheated, you were caught by a wave of rapists a few years ago
Who doesn't know?
Hahahahaha
This this this
How dare you hit me?
It was you, the man with the mouth full of shit
Brother Plump, you don't want to do this business, do you?
Can you afford the compensation?
The compensation company will sell it by itself
At that time, I need to pay a cent, and I will not give you less.
Not a cent
What do you give
Take the life of that stinky brick carrier?
Nothing to do with you
Manager Zhao, I will not accept this business
What a backbone!
Too late.
Arrest him for me
What are you doing let me go
Brother Song Nan, I let you drink
You are not qualified to say no
You have to drink this wine today
Separate and I'll drink it
Soon there will be men who make you happy